2016-10-25 Meeting 
==================

James Mak 

Meeting Minutes 

1. P1 need to carry out
    As soon as possible
       AIX from P6 to P7 
            5.3 to 12 
                IP / Host name dont' change 
                     Big Band swith over 
                         
2. P1 start as soon as possible
     YC co-sourcing 
         Solution Centre (they have)     
         
3. Middle of Nov know the status 
     Can see how to proceed 
          